# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile -o requirements/dev.txt requirements/dev.in
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   tincan
apache-libcloud==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   django
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-ace
    #   openedx-events
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   celery
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
cachecontrol==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   firebase-admin
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   tox
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-completion-aggregator
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   reportlab
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tox
coverage==7.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   django-coverage-plugin
    #   pytest-cov
cron-descriptor==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   pyjwt
diff-cover==9.2.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   virtualenv
dj-inmemorystorage==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
django==4.2.20
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   dj-inmemorystorage
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields-v2
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-push-notifications
    #   django-redis
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-completion-aggregator
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
django-celery-beat==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
django-config-models==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
django-coverage-plugin==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-fernet-fields-v2==0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
    #   openedx-completion-aggregator
django-object-actions==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
django-push-notifications==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-ace
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
django-reverse-admin==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
django-timezone-field==7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-completion-aggregator
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-ace==1.11.4
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-celeryutils==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
    #   openedx-completion-aggregator
edx-completion==4.7.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   openedx-completion-aggregator
edx-django-utils==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-completion
edx-event-routing-backends==9.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   openedx-completion-aggregator
edx-i18n-tools==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-completion-aggregator
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
edx-toggles==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-completion-aggregator
event-tracking==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
    #   openedx-completion-aggregator
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
faker==37.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   factory-boy
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   openedx-events
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
firebase-admin==6.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-ace
fs==2.4.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   xblock
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.165.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   firebase-admin
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-api-core
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   pytest
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   diff-cover
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   celery
lxml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   xblock
lxml-html-clean==0.4.1
    # via lxml
mako==1.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   xblock
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   cachecontrol
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   black
newrelic==10.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
openedx-completion-aggregator==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
openedx-events==9.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   event-tracking
openedx-filters==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   black
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
    #   tox-uv
path==16.16.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   black
    #   yamllint
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   reportlab
pip==24.2
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/pip.txt
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   black
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   click-repl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via diff-cover
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   firebase-admin
pymongo==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   httplib2
pypdf==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
pyproject-api==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
pytest-django==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   celery
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
    #   python-crontab
    #   xblock
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
    #   event-tracking
    #   tincan
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
    #   yamllint
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   django-redis
reportlab==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   apache-libcloud
    #   cachecontrol
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   sailthru-client
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-auth
ruff==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
sailthru-client==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-ace
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
setuptools==77.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
    #   fs
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
    #   pbr
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   sailthru-client
    #   xblock
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   dj-inmemorystorage
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   openedx-completion-aggregator
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   python-slugify
tincan==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-event-routing-backends
tox==4.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tox-uv
tox-uv==1.25.0
    # via -r requirements/ci.txt
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   faker
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   requests
uv==0.6.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/pip.txt
    #   tox-uv
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tox
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   xblock
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   xblock
wheel==0.45.1
    # via -r requirements/pip.txt
xblock==5.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   openedx-completion-aggregator
yamllint==1.37.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
